feat: improve support for fetch and web-streams in Node.js (#1256)
smithy-lang/smithy-typescript: packages/fetch-http-handler/README.md

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@smithy/fetch-http-handler/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@smithy/fetch-http-handler)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@smithy/fetch-http-handler.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@smithy/fetch-http-handler)

This is the default `requestHandler` used for browser applications.

> Although some versions of Node.js support the web streams API, this implementation has
> not been extensively tested in Node.js.

Reviewer: Explicitly call out version number, and mention it's not recommended instead of tested?
```suggestion
Since Node.js introduced experimental Web Streams API in v16.5.0 and made it stable in v21.0.0,
you can consider using `fetch-http-handler` in Node.js, although it's not recommended.
```
